{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 Tiana Noll-Walker\
Elisha Phillips\
Cpts 132, Spring\
2/26/22\
Challenge\
\
For this project I started by drawing a JPanel component and went from there. I originally drew a grid that displayed all the cells as pushable buttons, but couldn\'92t figure out how to implement the updated generation changes that way. Elisha constructed a different Component with a couple Buttons that implemented the cell changes inside the component and that worked much better. I learned a lot about implementing GUIs in this project. I feel like for this project, I really learned how to use Java better and display graphics. There were so many methods that belong to JComponent/graphics classes that I was unfamiliar with and didn\'92t really understand how to use, but now I feel like I understand enough to display graphics well. The most difficult part for me was definitely originally trying to get the buttons to trigger generation changes. Once Elisha changed it I understood better and was able to implement Action Listeners. Displaying the updated GUI from there was easier. I feel like I really understand actionListener and events now. Next time, I would have started easier and build from there, instead of starting with the more difficult way of implementing the program. Next time I\'92d also maybe start with directly just building and implementing actionListener and actionEvents for the buttons, because doing that right away for me made the rest easier to build because I had a visual and tangible sense of what needed to be done when I pushed buttons. }